c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\obj\Debug\PurpleBricksDemo.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\PurpleBricksDemo.Web.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\PurpleBricksDemo.Web.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\NHibernate.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\Iesi.Collections.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\NHibernate.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\Iesi.Collections.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\obj\Debug\PurpleBricksDemo.Web.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\obj\Debug\PurpleBricksDemo.Web.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\Core.Model.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\Core.Users.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\Infrastructure.Domain.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\Castle.Windsor.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\Castle.Core.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\Core.Model.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\Core.Users.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\Infrastructure.Domain.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\Castle.Windsor.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\Castle.Core.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\Infrastructure.DataAccess.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\FluentNHibernate.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\Infrastructure.DataAccess.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\FluentNHibernate.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\FluentNHibernate.xml
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\Core.Offers.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\Core.Offers.pdb
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\Core.Property.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\AutoMapper.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\System.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\Core.Property.pdb
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\AutoMapper.xml
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\System.Runtime.xml
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\MvcSiteMapProvider.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\MvcSiteMapProvider.WebActivator.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\MvcSiteMapProvider.xml
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\MvcSiteMapProvider.WebActivator.xml
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\Infrastructure.Security.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PurpleBricksDemo\PurpleBricksDemo.Web\bin\Infrastructure.Security.pdb
